Amazon ECS doc update (SUMO-206570) (#2459)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/amazon-aws/elastic-container-service-container-insights-cloudwatch.md

| fields region, namespace, accountid
```

## Collect Metrics for Amazon ECS 

Sumo Logic supports collecting metrics using two source types:

  * Configure an [AWS Kinesis Firehose for Metrics Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/amazon-aws/aws-kinesis-firehose-metrics-source) (recommended); or
  * Configure an [Amazon CloudWatch Source for Metrics](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/amazon-aws/amazon-cloudwatch-source-metrics)
  
**Namespace** for **Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS) using Container Insights and CloudWatch** service is **AWS/ECS**.
  

> **Metadata**: Add an **account** field to the source and assign it a value which is a friendly name / alias to your AWS account from which you are collecting metrics. This name will appear in the Sumo Logic Explorer View. Metrics can be queried via the `account field`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Metadata**: Add an **account** field to the source and assign it a value which is a friendly name / alias to your AWS account from which you are collecting metrics. This name will appear in the Sumo Logic [Explore](/docs/dashboards-new/explore-view) view. Metrics can be queried via the `account field`.
```

### Install the Sumo Logic App 

Now that you have set up a collection for Amazon ECS with Container Insights and CloudWatch, install the Sumo Logic app for Amazon ECS with Container Insights and CloudWatch to use the pre-configured searches and dashboards that provide visibility into your environment for real-time analysis of overall usage.

To install the app:

Locate and install the app you need from the **App Catalog**. If you want to see a preview of the dashboards included with the app before installing, click **Preview Dashboards**.

1. From the **App Catalog**, search for and select the app. 
2. Select the **With Container Insights and Traces** version and click **Add to Library**. 

> :::note
> Version selection applies only to a few apps currently. For more information, see the [Install the Apps from the Library](/docs/get-started/library).
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Dev guys needed note note. So as per the request from them I have changed the step from a note.

Reviewer: @JV0812 From what I understand, this note is obsolete. It was written 1-2 years ago Docs-wide, when App versioning was just coming out in Beta. But now feature is ubiquitous.

Author: Okay, got it. Thanks for this info @kimsauce
